kirin: command to clean inactive contributor (#264)
CanalTP/kirin: readme.md

Note: a Kirin database is needed on localhost for the requests to be done successfully.

### Maintenance

##### Definitely remove a contributor from configuration

> A command to clean inactive contributors is available, to be triggered by hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A command to clean inactive contributors is available, to be triggered manually.
```

```bash
python ./manage.py purge_contributor <contributor_id>
```
This will check that for the given contributor, `is_active=false` and that

> no more object is linked to that contributor in Kirin database.

Reviewer: Maybe add precision on the type of possible objects linked to the contributor
```suggestion
no more object (TripUpdate or RealTimeUpdate) is linked to that contributor in Kirin database.
```
